I think this dome standing on a windy field in Denmark,
is the most frustrating artwork in the world.
I know it sounds like a bold statement, I'll explain.
This is Elia, designed by artist Ingvar Cronhammare.
He is known for his dark, industrial art, which looks like a machine.
Or as something of an enemy, something strange.
Elia definitely belongs to this category.
It is here, near the Danish town of Herning, since 2001.
It measures 32 meters if you count the chimneys.
The stairs leading up to the prospect are uncomfortably large
as if they were not intended for people.
A comparison of the spacecraft that landed in the middle of the Danish countryside sounds like a cliché ....
... however, when you stand here, it is quite sitting.
Something strange about her.
Which is all admirable, but that's not frustrating.
In the middle, between the pillars, there is a gas burner
and he treads huge flames eight meters high. Huge explosion.
And that is one of the menacing and disturbing things on this sculpture:
they can blow out the flames at any moment.
Though they probably will not go out.
Because it happens on average once
in two to three weeks for 25 seconds.
At random, the computer decides.
It may take months to the next blast
or just a few days.
And according to an article in local newspapers
it does not start if the wind is too strong, which is probably today
or if they are too close to people.
Website Elii will not tell you when another blast comes
just archive the dates and times of those you've come across.
Keeping the archive probably to be ridiculed, I do not know exactly.
Of course, there are a few photos and videos from lucky people.
You can look at the internet.
But you can also look at Mona Lisa
in much greater resolution than you would have seen with your eye, incredibly detailed.
But that does not prevent people from pushing to the Louvre in Paris and fighting with the self-sticks.
That's something personal about.
So, if Elia gets you, if you want to see that fire with your own eyes,
you will have to camp and watch it here
24 hours a day, maybe several months.
For me, I have about an hour of time,
before I have to leave to catch the plane.
So I hope.